[docs-only] Document running tests using ociswrapper (#6283)
owncloud/ocis: docs/ocis/development/testing.md

For example `make -C tests/acceptance/docker localApiTests-apiAccountsHashDifficulty-s3ng` runs the oCIS test suite "apiAccountsHashDifficulty" against an oCIS with s3 storage.

{{< hint info >}}
While running the tests, oCIS server is started with [ociswrapper](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/blob/master/tests/ociswrapper/README.md) by default. In order to run the tests without ociswrapper, provide `WITH_WRAPPER=false` when running the tests. For example:

```bash
WITH_WRAPPER=false \
BEHAT_FEATURE='tests/acceptance/features/apiAccountsHashDifficulty/addUser.feature:21' \
make -C tests/acceptance/docker test-ocis-feature-ocis-storage
```

> But some test suites that are tagged `@env-config` require the oCIS server to be run with ociswrapper. So, running those tests require `WITH_WRAPPER=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But test suites that are tagged with `@env-config` require the oCIS server to be run with ociswrapper. So, running those tests require `WITH_WRAPPER=true` (default setting).
```

1. locally run each of the tests marked with that issue in the expected failures file.

   E.g.:

   ```bash
   make test-acceptance-from-core-api \
   TEST_SERVER_URL=https://localhost:9200 \
   TEST_OCIS=true \
   TEST_WITH_GRAPH_API=true \
   STORAGE_DRIVER=OCIS \
   BEHAT_FEATURE='tests/acceptance/features/coreApiVersions/fileVersions.feature:147'
   ```

2. the tests will fail, try to understand how and why they are failing
3. fix the code
4. go back to 1. and repeat till the tests are passing.
5. remove those tests from the expected failures file
6. make a PR that has the fixed code, and the relevant lines removed from the expected failures file.

## Running ENV config tests (@env-config)

> Test suites tagged with `@env-config` are used to test the environment variables that are used to configure oCIS. These tests are special tests that require oCIS server to be run using [ociswrapper](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/blob/master/tests/ociswrapper/README.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Test suites tagged with `@env-config` are used to test the environment variables that are used to configure oCIS. These tests are special tests that require the oCIS server to be run using [ociswrapper](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/blob/master/tests/ociswrapper/README.md).
```

### Run oCIS with ociswrapper

```bash
# working dir: ocis repo root dir

# init oCIS
IDM_ADMIN_PASSWORD=admin \
ocis/bin/ocis init --insecure true

# build the wrapper
cd tests/ociswrapper
make build

# run oCIS
PROXY_ENABLE_BASIC_AUTH=true \
./bin/ociswrapper serve --bin=../../ocis/bin/ocis
```

### Run the tests

```bash

> OCIS_WRAPPER_URL=https://localhost:5000 \

Author: Will be done in the next PR

TEST_WITH_GRAPH_API=true \
TEST_OCIS=true \
TEST_SERVER_URL="https://localhost:9200" \
BEHAT_FEATURE=tests/acceptance/features/apiAsyncUpload/delayPostprocessing.feature \
make test-acceptance-api
```

### Writing new ENV config tests

> While writing tests for a new oCIS ENV configuration, please make sure to follow the below guidelines:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While writing tests for a new oCIS ENV configuration, please make sure to follow these guidelines:
```

1. Tag the test suite (or test scenarios) with `@env-config`

> 2. Use `OcisConfigHelper.php` for helper functions - provides functions to reconfigure running oCIS instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Use `OcisConfigHelper.php` for helper functions - provides functions to reconfigure the running oCIS instance.
```

3. Recommended: add the new step implementations in `OcisConfigContext.php`

## Running test suite with email service (@email)

> Test suites that are tagged with `@email` require email service. We use inbucket as the email service in our tests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Test suites that are tagged with `@email` require an email service. We use inbucket as the email service in our tests.
```
